Update README.md (#6)
sanger-pathogens/Multiple-mappings-to-bam: README.md

Use the input CLI to pass the parameters. Run the CLI:

````sh
nextflow run main.nf --ref absolute/path/to/ref/file --program BWA --read_dir <path/to/directory/containing/reads>
````

### Directly running the pipeline

> Without directly cloning the pipeline it can be run at the latest version like so

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pipeline can be run without having to directly clone this code repository, using the following syntax (will execute the latest pipeline version):
```
